This low blood pressure
is an expected finding
in healthy pregnant women,
especially in the
second trimester
due to hormonal changes.
The low blood pressure
can make you feel dizzy,
especially when standing up.
So, I would suggest
you get up slowly,
if sitting or lying down.
Okay. Good to know.
Have you peed recently?
Yeah, just before
I came in the room,
I left the urine
sample right there.
Oh good, thanks.
I need you to lie down
on the examination table.
You can take the
pillow with you.
I'm going to measure
the fundal height,
which is the size of
your uterus and gives
a measurement of
the baby's growth.
Okay, I need you to
life your top, please.
And undo the top
button as well.
Okay, there it is.
Okay. So, I get
18 centimetres.
&gt;&gt; Is that normal?